Hello to everybody listening to Smile, it's Katy Perry
I wanna say a very special hello to all of my incredible, beautiful, loyal, encouraging KatyCats all around the world
Thank you so much for being on this journey with me every single time I put out a record, and for being excited and letting the music, um... work its magic on you, and for showing up at the shows, and all the little places, and for being such an incredible team and a support system that I can always rely on
I am so incredibly grateful for each and every one of you, and the things that you make online, that make me laugh, and the care that you show, and... all of it, I am so profoundly grateful
And that's what a lot of this record is: it's, it's a... a record that I never really set out to make, but here we are. You know, after continuing my writing process for 2 years, I would get a little message and just be a vessel for, um... different songs or ideas over the past 2 years, and we had many of them so we felt like, maybe it should be a record. Maybe the record should be called "Smile", and it should be about finding your smile once again
Um... I don't know about any of you, but sometimes I can feel super low, and alone, and really in my head, and be my own worst enemy, and let that horrible negative voice that trickle, trickles in and out of my, of my head, take over. And, in this past couple of years I've really, um, tried to work on that; and I think a lot of these songs reflect walking through that process, walking through that valley, and coming out the other end alive, and giving live, and, um...
So, I just, I'm so grateful you guys are listening, I, um... I'm excited, I wanna know what your favorite songs are. I have one more song that you're about to hear, um, this song is kind of a funny, sassy song. Definitely don't @ me when you hear it, but thank you once again for listening to all the songs. I hope these songs are encouraging and can lift you out of whatever you're feeling, or give you a little umpfh, or, um... give you whatever you need for today. And if you lost your smile, it helps you find your smile again
God bless you! I love you