A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Search "Trust In Me" lyrics Katy Hudson Lyrics "Trust In Me" How could I see you when I was so blind? How could I grasp you when I was far behind? How could I hear you when I was so deaf? How could I get up when I had been left? But You said, don't worry For I've healed the blind man And I've set the captives free And You said, don't worry For all you've gotta do Is put your trust in me How could I be clean when I was so dirty How could I be made whole when I was torn apart Make me whole, make me whole Make me whole again But You said, don't worry For I've healed the blind man And I've set the captives free And You said, don't worry For all you've gotta do Is put your trust in me But You said, don't worry For I've healed the blind man And I've set the captives free And You said, don't worry For all you've gotta do Is put your trust in me But You said, don't worry For I've healed the blind man And I've set the captives free And You said, don't worry For all you've gotta do Is put your trust in me Submit Corrections Thanks to TenfoldDeath for adding these lyrics. AZLyrics K Katy Perry Lyrics album: "Katy Hudson" (2001) Trust In Me Piercing Search Me Last Call Growing Pains My Own Monster Spit Faith Won't Fail Naturally When There's Nothing Left You May Also Like Imagine Dragons - "On Top Of The World" If you love somebody Better tell them while they're here 'Cause they just may run away from you You'll never know quite when, well Then again it just depends on How long of time is left for you... Sia - "Elastic Heart" And another one bites the dust Oh why can I not conquer love? And I might have thought that we were one Wanted to fight this war without weapons And I wanted it, I wanted it bad But there were so... Zara Larsson - "End Of Time" Feel, I feel myself falling All the blood rushed to my head, mm-mm-mm Leaning into emotion and you make me want to sink To oblivion I want your love To roll the dice I put it all on you and I Until... Lady Gaga - "Poker Face" Mum mum mum mah Mum mum mum mah Mum mum mum mah Mum mum mum mah Mum mum mum mah I wanna hold 'em like they do in Texas, please (Woo) Fold 'em, let 'em hit me, raise it, baby, stay with me (I love... Vanessa Carlton - "A Thousand Miles" Making my way downtown Walking fast Faces pass And I'm home-bound Staring blankly ahead Just making my way Making a way Through the crowd And I need you And I miss you And now I wonder If I could... Search Submit Lyrics Soundtracks Facebook Contact Us Advertise Here Privacy Policy Cookie Policy DMCA Policy Lyrics licensed by